100












PhrÿstByte Version 3.4.1
======================================
Welcome to the new and most useful 
Trojen Type program on the net.  It
allows you to control many aspects of
the users computer, including some
of the most important ones, and some
of the less important ones.  It will
even let you move their mouse around.

I am happy to let you use this program
however, I bring it to your attention
that I made this program for learning 
purposes only, and will not except any
responsability for any trouble you may
get in while using this.

It is possible to get in trouble with
this program because it gives you the
ability to control the operations of
another users computer.  Some people
concider this hacking, although I am
not one of them, however I don't make
the laws either, so don't use this on
anyone that will turn you in, instead 
simply use it like I did, to play a 
prank on a friend or something.  So
have fun, but don't get into any
trouble!!!!!!